Sources:
    https://javascript.plainenglish.io/34-javascript-optimization-techniques-to-know-in-2021-d561afdf73c3

    https://www.w3schools.com/js/js_best_practices.asp

    https://developer.mozilla.org/en-US/docs/Learn/Accessibility/CSS_and_JavaScript#javascript


Best Pratices:
    1. Don't Use new Object()
    Use {} instead of new Object()
    Use "" instead of new String()
    Use 0 instead of new Number()
    Use false instead of new Boolean()
    Use [] instead of new Array()
    Use /()/ instead of new RegExp()
    Use function (){} instead of new Function()
    Example
    var x1 = {};           // new object
    var x2 = "";           // new primitive string
    var x3 = 0;            // new primitive number
    var x4 = false;        // new primitive boolean
    var x5 = [];           // new array object
    var x6 = /()/;         // new regexp object
    var x7 = function(){}; // new function object

    2. Avoid Global Variables
    Minimize the use of global variables.
    This includes all data types, objects, and functions.
    Global variables and functions can be overwritten by other scripts.
    Use local variables instead, and learn how to use closures.

    3. Use === Comparison
    The == comparison operator always converts (to matching types) before comparison.

    The === operator forces comparison of values and type:

    Example
    0 == "";        // true
    1 == "1";       // true
    1 == true;      // true

    0 === "";       // false
    1 === "1";      // false
    1 === true;     // false

    4. Arrow Function
    //Longhand 
    function add(a, b) { 
       return a + b; 
    } 
    //Shorthand 
    const add = (a, b) => a + b;

    5. Comment and label your code

    6. Look up condition shorthand

    7. Space out your code - makes it easier to read and organize

    8. Stick to a strict coding style

    9. Avoid mixing with other technilogies - keep css and javascript within their designated locations.

    10. Don't use too much Javascript. 
    - The problem often comes when people rely on JavaScript too much. Sometimes you'll see a website where everything has been done with JavaScript — the HTML has been generated by JavaScript, the CSS has been generated by JavaScript, etc. This has all kinds of accessibility and other issues associated with it, so it is not advised.